Update DI wording in upgrade guide (#4713)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/upgrades/7to8/index.md

### Property injection

> NServiceBus Version 7 and below enables [automatic property injection](/nservicebus/dependency-injection/extensions-dependencyinjection.md#property-injection), this is not possible via `Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection` and must be explicitly enabled using the native API of containers that supports it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NServiceBus container adapters supported [automatic property injection](/nservicebus/dependency-injection/extensions-dependencyinjection.md#property-injection), this is not possible via `Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection` and must be explicitly enabled using the native API of containers that supports it.
```
